White West White West
Are you all right?
I also know you don't want to believe it
The past few years with Ye Xuan
I certainly hope that's not true either.
But you didn't see it just now.
I saw it with my own eyes
Ye Xuan has been controlled
So far
His life is no longer his own
If he really had to do it
Are you really willing to die for his throne?
Why don't we find a way to escape?
Hey
Little idiot
What were you thinking?
It doesn't matter.
I'll do whatever you want
elder sister
I can't escape
I don't know if I should say something
But when I devoured the emperor's blood
In my head
Suddenly some strange memories
Maybe add blood
Can bring back some lost memories
fair
You are back.
Who are you?
Who am I? That's a really hard answer.
But what I can answer is
Since you failed
It's been 19 years since he came back
Count the enchantment of Xuanzhou
Has it not been repaired for 19 years?
What is a barrier?
Enchantment? You can roughly understand it as
The enchantment is the barrier between the five continents and the wild
Related to ghosts